<p align="center">
# Pico and I2C using MicroPython
## Presentation given at the Roanke South County Library, Roanoke, VA USA
### on October 8, 2022  by Steven F. LeBrun
</p>

## Pico and I2C Presentation
There are two files with this name.  The one with the extension **odp** source file generated by LibreOffice Impress.  The other one has the extension **pdf** copy.

These files contain the slides used during the presentation

## Pico and I2C Presentation
There are two files with this name.  The one with the extension **odt** source file generated by LibreOffice Writer.  The other one has the extension **pdf** copy.

These files are the handouts used during the presentation.  

## I2C-scan.py
A MicroPython program that scans both the I2C Bus 0 and the I2C Bus 1 on a Pico or Pico W.  The output of the program is a list of I2C addresses on each bus.

The SDA and SCL pins must be changed to use the pins that each I2C Bus is connected to.

## adxl345_demo_V2.py
A MicroPython program that reads the ADXL345 Accelerometer sensor in an infinite loop and reports the current values on an SSD1306 oLED Display and/or a LCD2004 I2C Display.  The program autodetects which display devices are attached and uses the ones found for the output display.

## blink.py
A MicroPython program that flashed the onboard LED.  This program is intended for making sure that the Pico is connected and working properly.

## oled-demo.py
A MicroPython program that writes a line of text to an SSD1306 oLED display and a couple of lines.  This program does not repeat.

## ssd1306_DemoV3.py
A third-party MicroPython program that draws and animates images and text on an SDD1306 oLED Display.  Instructions on how this file is constructed and how it works can be found at [Instructables.com](https://www.instructables.com/SSD1306-With-Raspberry-Pi-Pico/)
